Added PCSX2 instructions (#33)
nchristopher/steamdeck-emulation: emulators/pcsx2.md

> ## Configuring PCSX2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# PCSX2 Guide

❗ Follow the [Getting Started section](../README.md#getting-started) of `README.md` first.

This section of the guide explains how to setup [PCSX2](https://pcsx2.net/), a PlayStation 2 emulator.

## Installing PCSX2

Open Discover, SteamOS' app store, then search for **PCSX2**, then click on it.

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58091943/159169454-555ab88e-5bce-4e29-b27d-f18192931e56.png)

In the top right, select **Sources**, then **Flatpak**, then press **Install**.

Alternatively, open up a terminal and run

```bash
flatpak install --user -y net.pcsx2.PCSX2```

## Configuring PCSX2
```

> Open Config -> General Settings, then make sure to enable MTVU under the microVU Hacks section in the Speedhacks menu.
> Open GS Window in General Settings, then change the aspect ratio to "Fit to Window/Screen"
> Apply and close General Settings
> 
> OpenConfig -> Graphics Settings, Set the following:
>   Internal Resolution: 2x Native
>   CRC Hack Level: Aggressive
>   
> Open the Hacks tab, and set the following:
>   Manual HW Hacks: toggle ON
>   Fast Texture Invalidation: toggle ON
>   
> Open Advanced settings, and set the following:
>   Precache Textures: toggle ON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open up the emulator, then navigate through the initial setup. You'll have to provide your own PS2 BIOS file.

Navigate to **Config > General Settings**, then in the Speedhacks menu, enable MTVU under the microVU Hacks section.

Open GS Window in General Settings, then change the aspect ratio to "Fit to Window/Screen", then apply & close general settings.

Navigate to **Config > Graphics Settings**, then set the following:
- Internal Resolution: 2x Native
- CRC Hack Level: Aggressive
  
Open the Hacks tab, then set the following:
- Manual HW Hacks: toggle ON
- Fast Texture Invalidation: toggle ON
  
Open Advanced settings, then set the following:
- Precache Textures: toggle ON
```

## Steam ROM Manager

Open Steam ROM Manager, press Parsers, then enter the following settings:

-   Select `Sony Playstation 2 - PCSX2` under Community Presets.

> -   You can add additional categories to Steam category using the format `${category name}`, this is case-sensitive. Example: ${Playstation 2}

Reviewer: This example isn't necessary, the parser preset already includes `${PS2}`.

```suggestion
-   You can add additional categories to Steam category using the format `${category name}`, this is case-sensitive.
```

-   Set executable to `/usr/bin/flatpak`.
-   Set command line arguments to `run net.pcsx2.PCSX2 "${filepath}" --nogui --fullscreen`

> -   Set ROMs directory to wherever your PS2 ROMs are. This is the same location from before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set ROMs directory to wherever your PS2 ROMs are - if you're using the recommended path, this should be `~/roms/ps2`.
```
